## Linux it is!

<p> So, it's my day 2 at Ryaz.</p>
<ol> <li><b>Linux OS Installation</b> 
  
<p> As per the tasks assigned by my mentor, I had to wind up the task 3 of yesterday i.e the Linux OS installation. I researched a bit regarding the various lightweight versions available in order to find out the best recommended linux OS that goes well with my laptop. And Manjaro XFCE is regarded as the best lightweight Arch-based Linux distro as per my research and I got it verified by my mentor. So, these are the steps that I followed to install the OS:

</p> P.S: There are two ways - by MBR/BIOS or GMT/UEFI. I've used the latter one after facing a bit complications in the former one! Also, take the backup of your important data which is a bit time consuming. <br> <br>
1. <b>Downloading Necessary Files</b> <br>
<ol>
  <li>SD Card Formatter</li> 
  <li>Rufus</li>
  <li>Manjaro</li>
</ol>
<br>
2. <b>Disk Management</b> <br>
Did the Disk Management to allot some free space from the existing drive for installation. (shrinking process)
<br><br>
3. <b>Formatting the USB</b>
<br>
A USB is required in the process with a minimum of 4 GB storage which is then formatted by SD Card Formatter.
<br><br>
4. <b>Rufus Tool Used</b>
<br>
Rufus is used to burn the .iso file (Manjaro image) into the USB making it bootable.
<br><br>
5. <b>Restart</b>
<br>
Restart the Windows OS and press F12 to get UEFI USB Option.
<br><br>
6. <b>Manjaro Live Environment</b>
<br>
Open the installer, do simpler settings as asked and then perform disk formatting manually allocating space for root, boot/efi and linuxswap. DONOT mess with the Windows OS Drive (NTFS) (that contains all your data). Finally after all the struggle and constant feedbacks of my mentor I finished up the set up. Now, it was all ready to explore Manjaro! :)
<br><br>
</li>
<li>
  <b>Web Development Learning Process</b> <br>
Another task for the day was learning about the web development fundamentals that I've started off with and would be continuing tomorrow!
<br><br>
  See yaa! 
