# Project Day-1 Planning and Exploration

Today the whole journey of application of whatever I have learned in my training period, along the way learning even newer things, begins!

Really very excited to go through different phases of this journey and I wish to give my best in this project, working with complete digilence, consistency and professionalism.

**Project Idea**
*The All in One Productivity Web App*
1. user login
2. dashboard
3. landing page
4. services 
- to-do list
- sticky notes
- pomodoro
- time tracking 
(we can add/remove these features according to time available)
5. one extra feature on my wishlist - OCR scanner of handwritten text to digital one (upload image dropbox would be provided) 

We also aspire to add AI in our project if time allows us to do so!

**Planning**
We have just 3 weeks to complete the project.
The tasks are divided using the 'Github Projects".

The roadmap can be found [here](https://github.com/users/jazzcodes/projects/1/views/2).

**Exploring "Supabase"**

Supabase offers a real-time database for storing data and provides various backend services. The ones that would be useful in our project are - CRUD operations and auth for user sign up and login. It works really well with Vanilla JS (plain JS). Learnt about CRUD for now, establishing connectivity, insertion of data etc.

The link to the service can be found [here](https://supabase.com/).

**Design**
The design inspiration can be found in the figma file [here](https://www.figma.com/file/isBFbRiDV0gWC9ZUnkVzXv/SaaS-Landing-Page-%26-Design-System---Pickolab-Studio-(Community)?type=design&node-id=2-5&t=FFAkfPMQSLaXkhTE-0).

That's it for today! Will continue work according to the plan tomorrow ⚡.

Byee.. 👋



