# DOM-DOM-DOM

After completion of the JavaScript course Part-1 and Part-2, we're moving forward to DOM (Document Object Model) Manipulation by learning from a short and crisp DOM [course](https://youtu.be/5fb2aPlgoys).

Before starting this, did a quick revision of the Arrays Module of the previous JS Course and updated the code with the code snippets of different methods of Arrays. Then, took up a quiz which included a few unfamiliar topics and some complicated questions. Understood those topics like generator functions, yield operator in generator functions, .from() in arrays that is used to convert something into an array so that array's methods can be applied on it.

 The code snippets can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/JSCourse).


Following are the things I'm learning:

## 1. DOM Overview

The document object is the built object in JS which can be used to manipulate the thing son our web pages. The DOM follows a hierarchy -> parent, child, sibings relationship. All these elements are known as nodes. Each node can have ids, classes which can be accessed as properties of these nodes, however, they do not participate in the parent-child/sibling relationships. Even the document object is a child of the Window object (browser) but here we will deal with the inner document only.

## 2. Selecting Elements in the DOM

     // Selecting Elements in the DOM

     // getElementById()

     const heading=document.getElementById('main-heading');
     console.log(heading);

     // getElementsByClassName()

     const listItem=document.getElementsByClassName('sports-item');
     console.log(listItem);


     //  getElementsByTagName()
     const list = document.getElementsByTagName('ul');
     console.log(list);

     //querySelector()

     const container = document.querySelector('div');
     console.log(container);
     // outputs first occurrence of the element mentioned

     const allContainers=document.querySelectorAll('div');
     console.log(allContainers);
     // outputs all the occurrences of the element mentioned
     // Node list in O/P (array like structure)


## 3. DOM Manipulation

   **1. Styling an Element**
   
              
     const title = document.querySelector('#main-heading');
     title.style.color='red';

     // It applies the inline style 
     // therefore, we need to iterate individually over the list items, otherwise it won't work

     let li=document.querySelectorAll('.sports-item');
     const ul=document.querySelector('.sports');

     for(i=0;i<li.length;i++)
     {
         li[i].style.backgroundColor='pink';
     }

     // use camelCase even for css properties and not snake-case


   
