## Cattish- What's that?

<p>
After getting well-versed with all the different concepts of HTML and CSS, I tried my hands on creating a simple website and since I love cats, guess what's the name? 
</p>

<p>
<b>Cattish</b> is a webpage that acts as a single stop for all the cat services out there as well as other aspects related to adoption or handing over cats to the organisation.
</p>

<p>It's my first day of its development. Let's dive into the process!</p>

<ol>
<li> <b>Step-1</b>
<br>
Firstly, I visited various webpages for having a look at different UI/UX designs out there. Then, I chose a color theme that I'd be dealing with. Purple fascinated me! :D
</li>
<br>
<li> <b>Step-2</b>
<br>
Next, the task was to create a navigation menu. I used flexbox to create that. It contained 4 items namely- Home, About Us, Services, Contact. To add a pinch of professionalism, I added a logo of a cute cat on the right side of the navigation menu (used <a href="https://fontawesome.com/">fontawesome </a>icons). Added hover effects over all the menu items.
</li>
<br>
<li> <b>Step-3</b>
<br>
Tried to design a simple yet modern home page. Used mark elements in the home page content to create a stylish effect. 
</li>
<br>
<li> <b>Step-4</b>
<br>
Designed the services webpage. Initially I used gradients as a background to the three service cards created. However, I changed it somehow and kept solid backgrounds but added a transition which gets activated when the user hovers over the card. Added links to various services.
</li>
<br>
<li> <b>Step-5</b>
<br>
Worked on the first service - Cat's Abode and created a webpage that contained a form submission which enables users to select the service they want for their cats. The form was linked to <a href="https://formsubmit.co"> server </a> that initimated me via email whenever a user submitted the form.
</li>

<br>
This is all I did on the very first day of Cattish's development. Encountered various layout issues such as aligning items on the webpage - icons, text. However, was able to solve it to some extent using the properties learnt in the course.
<br>
Looking forward to creating remaining part.
