# Project Day-4 and Day-5 To-do List

On the fourth & fifth day of the Project, we implemented the to-do feature. 

**Day 4**

Worked on the following functionalities:

1. insertion of task into supabase database
2. fetching of the data from database
3. displaying the data in the todo list
4. "done" status of task handled & synced with DOM
5. deletion of task tried

however, when tried delete functionality, it has led to some connection issues but in the code I've tried to make proper sections that could be referred to since the deployment wasn't working

**Day 5**
1. Solved the error

So, what the error was?
It was CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) error that was restricting the access of the database from my webapp. So, I referred to some resources on the internet. Although, supabase also has an article addressing the issue, however, that was suitable for the ones using edge functions in supabase. Then, came across a [site]( https://blog.logrocket.com/the-ultimate-guide-to-enabling-cross-origin-resource-sharing-cors/ )  that was really useful in my case. 
So according to it, since we had access to front-end files only, we can simply append the proxy server’s URL i.e https://cors-anywhere.herokuapp.com/ to the start of the API’s URL.
The CORS error was resolved but the GET error still persisted which was also resolved after 5-7 mins! 🪄

2. persisting the strikes on refresh & syncing it with the status in the supabase (this took a lot of time)
3. deletion of task 
4. front-end done 

We'll make the changes as we progress. However, I'll be starting other pages first taking time into consideration.

Few loopholes:
1. Optimization needs to be done since it takes a lot of time to fetch the strike data information
2. filtering functionalities skipped for now

link to deployment can be found [here](https://deploy-preview-5--luxury-hotteok-fb50c4.netlify.app/pages/to-do.html).
PR can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/ProductivityZap/pull/5).

Byee! 👋
