### Focus on ES6 FCC

Today, I started with ES6 module that focused on newer techniques or updated stuff in JavaScript. It consisted of 29 challenges all filled with something new to learn.

Following are the interesting and notable things I learned from these 29 topics:

1. scopes of `var` and `let`
2. `const` arrays are mutable, although they can't be reassigned
3. `Object.frreze(obj)` makes the object immutable
4. default parameters are used when arguments are not passed in function i.e are undefined
5. rest parameter takes any number of arguments and allows to use array methods on it (`...args`)
6. spread operators (`...args`) are used in place in arrays
7. destructuring assignments to extract values from objects `const{prop1,prop2}=obj_name`, if new name required `const{prop1:var1,prop2:var2}=obj_name`
8. destructuring of arrays using `...args`
9. template strings i.e `${var}` can be added without using `+` concatenation and have to be enclosed in backticks only.
10. concise object and function declarations studied
11. getters, setters studied
12. exports and imports
13. export default needs to be with single value only and acts as a fallback and import default can have any name without being enclosed curly braces since the exported value can be named/anonymous
14. promise, reject, resolved, pending, then , catch all concepts covered
15. classes and constructors that are used to create new objects covered

Tomorrow I'll watch a video related to ES6 as suggested by my mentor as it's an important topic and then proceed with te debugging portion (regular expressions saved for later as discussed).

Till then byess!


