### JS Day 2 - JS Fundamentals Continued

Day 2 begins from the topic where I left off yesterday. Learnt about other Java Script specials majorly. To make the blog interesting, I've decided to mention some facts that I found interesting while reading the modules. Covered he following modules -

1. Logical Operators - Practical usage of OR in short-circuit evaluations, usage of `!!` workingsame as `Boolen(a value)` for type conversion of any data type to the boolean and the fact that `alert(x)` returns `undefined`. These all facts intrigued me.

2. Nullish coalescing operator '??' - can't use in conjuction with `&&` and `||` or use paranthesis if you wanna work it out. Also, `??` can be used to set default values

3. Loops: while and for - in the for loops we need to have 2 semicolons mandatorily even if we skip the parts in between which may be the case as per different situations. The usage of labels for break and continu in the nested loops.

4. The "switch" statement - strict quality check is done, if different the code acts as a dead code

5. Functions - declarations, return types, naming, etc understood

6. Function expressions - very cool to use but these have different usecases as in conditional declarations and functional declarations have their own usecases. also learnt about fallbacks

7. Arrow functions, the basics - too compact as well as readable to a great extent. when expressions written in curly braces owing to complexity of the problem, these functions need to return the value/result.

8. JavaScript specials - This just summarizes all what's learn in the JS Fundamentals module as a whole

Currently there were in total 4 tasks out of which I could do one today. However, I solved the 2nd one that yet needs to be coded, while the 3rd and 4th are yet to be solved. Before moving on further, I would complete these tasks first and then move on to the module **Code Quality**.

Links to tasks can be found [here](https://jazzcodes.github.io/JS/).
Code can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/JS).

See yaa!
