### Task Done 1.0

So, yesterday I completed most of the components. I was left with two collapisible components -  Search Field and Menu. So, I worked on these two.

For making collapsibles, I referred to the concepts learnt in the course already given by my mentor. But that was to be used in a bit different way. The search field was made quite easily. However, the addition of these components added white spaces on right and the bottom of the page. (Though no element was overflowing)  So, I searched for the quick fix. It was solved by :

`html,body{
   width:100%;
   height:100%;
   padding:0;
   overflow:hidden;
   }
   `
 Also, the sidebar was causing some issues as pointed by my mentor, so I fixed it using max-width in order to limit its width.
 
 Now, after making the search field responsive, I started working on the vertical navigation menu. Tried to figure it out for some time. Then I searched a bit about it. Came to know that such kind of navigation menus are termed as navigation drawers. But, all these used some javascript code (I wanted to use the javascript code snippet that has been taught in the course itself) and moreover I couldn't find a one that could open bottom up as shown in the [design](https://www.figma.com/file/lVV0fvZhp0x5fS5ZQk8M9Q/Apple-Watch-Store-Landing-Page-Design-(Community)?node-id=0%3A1&t=bKCloTEIrD5i2x1f-0). Tried some approaches but failed at it. Was about to ask for help (P.S asking for help is a good practice) when I opened my instagram and a quote popped up - "Give your best, you'll surely find out a way". So, I just scribbled on my notebook, gave it a last try and I could make something, it's not perfect but atleast it's presentable. Learnt about another thing - whenever we need to make a div grow vertically upwards instead of downwards, use a `position:absolute` and `bottom:(value)`. 
 
Now, I've worked on every component once and it's time for refinement before actual completion of the task!
Code can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/Apple).
Site is live [here](https://fluffy-taffy-a8575f.netlify.app/#).
See yaa tomorrow. Would hopefully finish this task by tomorrow! Did a thing today! yay! :D
