# Website Done.. Back to JS-30

Today I finally completed the the18Design website by finalizing the minute details.

Following are the changes done:

1. The headings and content max-widths matched with as mentioned in the various screen sizes.
2. Hover states added to inputs and buttons
3. paddings, gaps adjusted 
4. a third 'light' category font was added

This finalizing part took a lot of time to complete as it required keen observation of the design.

The code can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/the18Design/pull/8).
The site is active [here](https://jazzcodes.github.io/the18Design/).

Then further, I moved on to the JS30 Task 9 -> DevTool Tricks (console tricks)

      <!DOCTYPE html>
      <html lang="en">
      <head>
        <meta charset="UTF-8">
        <title>Console Tricks!</title>

      </head>
      <body>

        <p onClick="makeGreen()">×BREAK×DOWN×</p>

        <script>
          const dogs = [{ name: 'Snickers', age: 2 }, { name: 'hugo', age: 8 }];

          function makeGreen() {
            const p = document.querySelector('p');
            p.style.color = '#BADA55';
            p.style.fontSize = '50px';
          }



          // Regular

          console.log("hello, I'm regular one");

          // Interpolated

          console.log('%s is an interpolated one', 'This');
          const es6="ES6";
          console.log(`This is interpolation in ${es6}`);

          // Styled

          console.log('%c This is styled one', 'color:pink; background-color:black;');

          // warning!

          console.warn("This is a warning");

          // Error :|

          console.error("This is an error");

          // Info

          console.info("This is an info");

          // Testing

          console.assert(1==1, 'false!');
          console.assert(1==2, 'false!');

          // clearing

          console.clear();

          // Viewing DOM Elements

          const para=document.querySelector('p');
          console.log(para);
          console.dir(para);

          // Grouping together

          dogs.forEach(dog=>{

              // console.group(`${dog.name}`);
              console.groupCollapsed(`${dog.name}`);  // collapsed by default
              console.log(`The name of the dog is ${dog.name}`);
              console.log(`The age of the dog is ${dog.age}`);
              console.groupEnd(`${dog.name}`);

          });


          // counting

          console.count('jazz');
          console.count('jazz');
          console.count('jazz');
          console.count('jazz');

          // timing

          console.time('looping time');

          for(let i=0;i<=7;i++)
          {
              console.log(i);
          }

          console.timeEnd('looping time');

          // table
          console.table(dogs);

        </script>
      </body>
      </html>


One more thing learnt -> we can debug and find out the JS command behind a functionality using `Attribute Modifications` option. 

The code can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/JS-30/pull/6).
The site is active [here](https://jazzcodes.github.io/JS-30/T9-DevTools/).

That's it for today. Will continue these tasks tomorrow and I've also gathered some information about project ideas taht we'll be starting soon! :D 

Byeeees!👋
