### JS Course Part-1

Today, I started my day with the Basic Data Structures module of the FreeCodeCamp course. There were in total 20 challenges.
I learnt about the following:
1. Use an Array to Store a Collection of Data
2. Access an Array's Contents Using Bracket Notation
3. Add Items to an Array with push() and unshift()
4. Remove Items from an Array with pop() and shift()
5. Remove Items Using splice() 
6. Add Items Using splice()
7. Copy Array Items Using slice()
8. Copy an Array with the Spread Operator
9. Combine Arrays with the Spread Operator
10. Check For The Presence of an Element With indexOf()
11. Iterate Through All an Array's Items Using For Loops
12. Create complex multi-dimensional arrays
13. Add Key-Value Pairs to JavaScript Objects
14. Modify an Object Nested Within an Object
15. Access Property Names with Bracket Notation
16. Use the delete Keyword to Remove Object Properties
17. Check if an Object has a Property -> obj_name.hasOwnProperty(obj_property)
18. Iterate Through the Keys of an Object with a for...in Statement
19. Generate an Array of All Object Keys with Object.keys()
20. Modify an Array Stored in an Object

I enjoyed taking this course and practised challenges side by side. Before moving further, my mentor suggested to take quick tests to check whether this learning method was working fine for me. Took 2 tests, one's results were fine and made me confident while the other one's was very bad and was a sign that I need to work more on the parts that weren't covered in the course. So, we decided to take up JS Course Part-1. The following topics were learnt:

1. Objects
- Basics
- Factory functions to create objects
- Constructor functions to create objects
- Dynamic nature of objects
- Constructor property
- Functions are objects
- Value vs Reference types
- Enumerating properties of an object -> for in, for of, 'prop_name' in 
- Cloning an object -> spread operator
- Garbage Collection
- Built-in objects - Math, String, Date
- Escape notation in strings
- Template literals in strings

2. Arrays
- Adding Elements - push, unshift, splice
- Finding element in primitives - .indexOf(), .lastIndexOf(), .includes()
- Finding element in reference types - .find(function_as_an_argument)
- Arrow Functions :D
- Removing elements - pop, shift, splice
- Emptying an array
- Combining and Slicing arrays - .concat(), .slice()

Done till here and will continue arrays tomorrow. Also, would work on exercises tomorrow.

Till then, byeeeeeees!

