### JS Course Day 3, Part-2 Begins!

Today, I started with the exercises of the Part-1 of the course. It took a considerable amount of time to implemented the exercises carefully.

The exercises can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/JSCourse).

Then, I began with the Part-2 of the course that is related to Object Oriented Programming principles (OOPS) in JavaScript.

Following are the topics covered till now -

1. **Basics**
- **4 Pillars of OOPS** -> Encapsulation, Inheritance, Abstraction, Polymorphism
- **Encapsulation** : The process of binding all the related members and methods inside a unit called object is known as encapsulation.
- **Inheritance** : The processof inheriting/using the code defined in the parent/super/base class by the child/sub/derived class. This helps to reduce redundancy in the code.
- **Abstraction** : It is the process of hiding the details and showing the essentials only. Helps in reducing the impact of changes on the code.
- **Polymorphism** : This means 'Many Forms' -> using same function for some tasks/funcationality instead of using individual separate functions and this function behaves differently according to the situation in run-time.

2. **Objects** -> this was almost same as the previous parts' module. But some newer concepts learnt are-
- **Private properties and methods** - Abstraction, concept of closure and did the exercise side by side
 
  The methods and properties of an object can be set as private so that they can't be accessed outside the object. This can be done using `let` keyword instead of    using `this` keyword. However, these methods and properties can be accessed within the nested functions also, following the concept of closure.
  
- **Getters and Setters**
  
    Here, OOPS is used to define getters and setters using `Object.defineProperty(obj,prop_name,{ get: {..function defined here..} });` and `Object.defineProperty(obj,prop_name,{ set: {..function defined here..} });`

3. **Prototypes** -> Every object has a built-in property called prototype. These prototypes have further their own prototypes until there's a protoype that is null thus, forming a prototype chain.
- **Inheritance** - Classical (Parent, Child as in C#, Java etc) & Prototypical(as in JS)
- **Multilevel Inheritance, built-in objects** - 
    
    Every object declared in code has a prototype which further has a prototype such as 
    `circle` > `circleBAse` > `objectBase`
    
    Similarly, the built-in objects also behave in the same way.
    `myArray` > `arrayBase` > `objectBase`
    
- **Property attributes/descriptors**

   These are deeply written inside the prototypes and reflect different features of the object such as:
   `writable:true` -> the members can be set to a new value
   `configurable:true` -> the members can be deleted
   `enumerable:true`-> the object is iterable e.g `Object.keys(obj)` can be used to iterate over the object properties and methods.
    Some useful code snippets:
    `objectBase=Object.getPrototypeOf(person)
     descriptor=Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(objectBase,'toString')
     Object.defineProperty(person,'toString',{
     writable:false
     });`
     In this way we can modify the values of the descriptor to work as we wish.
     
    
- **Constructor prototypes** 
    
    As functions are also objects, the constructor functions also have prototypes as in the case of objects.
    `Circle.prototype === Circle.__prototype__` => These both would give the same results in the console
     
- **Prototype and Instance members**

    Prototype member/properties are set using `obj.prototype:prop_name=value` and instance propeties are the usual properties of the object declared.
    The instance properties can be different for each object instance while the prototype properties have to be same for all the instances of the objects.

    
- **Iterating properties** 

  `Objects.keys(obj)` is used to iterate over instance/own properties while `for(let key in obj)` is used to iterate over instance as well as prototype values.        `.hasOwnProperty(obj)` returns `true` when instance property is passed while it returns `false` when prototype property is passed.

- **Avoid extending built-in objects**

   This is important to avoid conflicts/errors as changing the default beaviour can over-write how they behave according to the changes in the modules we import as they'd also have their own modifications to these buit-in objects.

Will complete the exercise of this module as well as cover other modules tomorrow.

Till then, byeeees!

