### Day 5 Module 5, Portfolio and More 

As usual, getting forward with the guide, started completed the last sections of module 4 and started module 5 that was regarding the data types. 
Read 2 topics - primitives, number that I realized that With javascript.info being a very comprehensive guide, I have been trying to read the modules thoroughly like lessons (as if I'm preparing for my exams 😛). I'm also trying the exercises but these are not available after every module and there are a lot of concepts that I've read till now but I'm not feeling really confident as I don't get to do side by side as it wouldn't be possible to perform every code snippet in each module taking time into consideration (for those not having these tasks). I feel it is too much to digest rn.

So, I started practising [freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures#basic-javascript) side by side. Currently, I have done 30% (34/113) of the basics and would continue it tomorrow. Following are the interesting points I've learnt till now:

1. when undeclared, variables are `undefined`
2. `"string" + undefined = undefined`
3. `var` can be declared more than once with the same name but same thing with let would produce an error. But yes, the let can be reassigned a value, but the declaration of a variable with a particular name is done once only.
4. use uppercase for immuatable values and lowercase/camelCase for mutable ones
5. `%` is remainder operator and not modulus and it can't deal with negative values
6. `\` usage of backslash for escaping, escape sequence in JS
7. strings are immuatable but that doesn't mean that they can't be reassigned. But we can't change a specific part of string using it's index value.


That's all new I learnt today in JS.

Also fixed the portfolio left and right alignment issues which was making hero and project showcase's width to be `width:100vw` and then it got aligned with the other blocks namely header and footer in my case. Added another project, changed projects alignment and worked a bit on mobile menu.

Code can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/Portfolio).
Site is live [here](https://deploy-preview-3--enchanting-croissant-f9112c.netlify.app/).

Byeee!
