### Portfolio Almost Done

So, it has been about 2-3 days since I've done my work as there a technical and cultural fest at our college. So, I could do little work here. I did the task in bits - made till hero one day and did half of the showcase the other. Finally, today, I started off my work as per the routine and was able to complete the showcase block along with the footer, thus finishing with the task.

My mentor suggested me to work on different features and create a PR side by side as it would help to review the code more easily. So, I just decided to shift the current commits to a new branch and followed an online guide related to it.

The steps I followed were:
`
git checkout master
git add .
git commit -m "Fix network bug"
git branch patch-1
# patch-1 branch is created containing the commit "Fix network bug"
git reset HEAD~1 --hard # Remove the commit from master
git checkout patch-1
`

this just removed all the progress done till now except the very initial commits done in the project. I completely lost my mind since I didn't have any record of my progress. So, I reached out my mentor and he pointed out that there wasn't any need to shift the commits etc and I'd have created a branch and a PR simply (my bad :() But luckily, we figured out that I just needed to push the new branch as it contained the newer progressss! So, did it, opened a PR and worked on other features - collapsible vertical navbar and some fixes.

The code is sent for review, will work further on it to make it better!


Code can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/Portfolio).
Site is live [here](https://deploy-preview-2--enchanting-croissant-f9112c.netlify.app/).

P.S: Weather was awesome todayyyyy! (cool cool)

Till then byeee!
