# Last 3 Weeks of the Project and it's a wrap for the training officially!

## Project Day 7
Following are the tasks done:

1. supabase issues -> concluded that we would pause this for a while & begin with the functionalities that do not require a database first. Though, the solutions to the issues are stated [here](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/platform/troubleshooting#under-provisioned-resources).
2. studied about SCSS from this [guide](https://blog.logrocket.com/the-definitive-guide-to-scss/).
3. converted the css code into scss using nesting, variables & mixins.
4. pomodoro -> referred my timer task done in early DOM learning videos and reversed it's functionality to amke it work as required. working on some conflicts & then I'll begin with sticky notes, this time without any database.

deployment of progress till now can be viewed [here](https://deploy-preview-8--luxury-hotteok-fb50c4.netlify.app/pages/pomodoro.html).

PR can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/ProductivityZap/pull/8).

## Project Day 8

1. Finalized the pomodoro 
2. Worked on sticky notes 

## Project Day 9
1. finalized sticky notes
2. worked on stop watch

## Project Day 10 & 11
1. Developed UI of all the features

## Project Day 12
1. ESLint Issues
2. DeepScan
3. Login & SignUp part

## Project Day 13
1. Worked on user management
2. Dashboard Landing Page insights

## Project Day 14
1. Email part done, the url of the email configured.

## Project Day 15
1. Layout issues fixed

## Project Day 16
1. working on code quality (mentioned in the PR Comments).

##  Project Day 17
Researched about AI part. Learned the OpenAI terminologies like prompt, models, presence_penalty, frequency_penalty.

## Project Day 18
normal chatbot done (that could answer general world questions).

##  Project Day 19
Identification of tasks done by chatbot. It could iidentify whether the user wishes to add a note or a todo task.

## Project Day 20
Chat bot with complete functionality done. The apt prompt was set.

## Project Day 21
Tried deployment of chatbot without serverless functions initially.

## Project Day 22
Deployment done using serverless functions & netlify cli.

## Project Day 23
Worked on the PR Comments & improvement points listed by my mentor.

That's it for the project. Further, would work on the future scope soon! 
Thanks & Byeee!
