# Day-5 The Final Day #JS Course

Today, I've started with the ES6 Classes module's remaining topics that I needed to cover in order to complete it.

The learning journey in detail is listed below:

## ES6 Classes

**5. Private Members using Symbols**
  
  Developers used `_` (underscore) before the name of a member to identify it as a private member just as a naming convention. Howvever, this doesn't make the members private in actual.
  
  Symbol is a built-in object that returns a symbol primitive value that is guaranteed to be unique.
  **IMP**: We cannot new up the Symbol(). This throws up an error.
  
    // By default all properties are public
     const _radius = Symbol(); // private property
     const _draw = Symbol();  // private method

     class Circle
    {
        constructor(radius)                         // visible in the objectBase
        {
             this[_radius]=radius;

    }

    [_draw]()                                    // visible in the prototype one level below the CircleBase
    {
        console.log('draw');
    }
    }

    const c=new Circle(1);
    console.log(c);
    
    const key1 = Object.getOwnPropertyNames(c); 
        
    console.log(key1); // symbols not displayed
    const key2 = Object.getOwnPropertySymbols(c)[0];
    console.log(key2);
    // we can display value of this private variable but it's not recommended
    console.log(c[key2]);

    
  **6. Private Members using Weak Maps**
     
     Another approach to craete private members
     
      
         const _radius= new WeakMap();
         const _move=new WeakMap();
         class Circle
         {
             constructor(radius)
                {
                    _radius.set(this, radius);       // set value of private property
                    _move.set(this, ()=>{console.log('move', `and The value of this is ${this}`)});
                    // private method created
                }

                       getRadius()
                       {
                          console.log(_radius.get(this));
                       }

             draw()
             {
                 _move.get(this)()  // private method called here
                 console.log('Draw');
             }
         }

         const c= new Circle(2);
         console.log(c);
         c.getRadius();
         c.draw();         
         
         
  **7. Getters and Setters**
     
   We have learnt to get and set properties using `Object.defineProperty()` method. However, ES6 provides a better and a cleaner way to do the same as shown below:
   
    
        const _radius = new WeakMap();


        class Circle
        {
            constructor(radius)
            {
                _radius.set(this,radius);

            }

    get radius()
    {
        return _radius.get(this);
    }

    set radius(value)
    {
        if(value<=0) throw new Error('Invalid radius value')
        _radius.set(this,value);
    }
    }

    const c= new Circle(1);
    console.log(c.radius);
    c.radius=3;
    console.log(c.radius);

    // So to access the values using functions by property names only use getters and setters

 8. **Ineritance**
 
 A better way to do the inheritance using ES6 as here we don't need to reset the constructor/change the prototype etc.
 The implementation is shown below:
  
    class Shape{

    constructor(color)
    {
        this.color=color;
    }
    
    move()
    {
        console.log(`move the shape and color is ${this.color}`);
    }
    }

    class Circle extends Shape
    {
      constructor(color,radius)
      {
        super(color);   // if we want to craete constructor in child class, we need to call the super class's constructor!
        this.radius=radius;
    
      }

       draw()
       {
        console.log(`Draw Circle and radius is ${this.radius}`);
       }
    }

    const c= new Circle();
    c.draw();
    c.move();  // can acess parent's method too

    const s = new Shape('red');   // parent's constructor
    s.move();

    const c1= new Circle('blue', 4);
    c1.draw();
    c1.move();
    
 **9. Method Riding**
 
 It is the process of over-writing the method specified in the parent object to behave differently in the child object. ALso, we can still call the parent object's method in the child object.

-> Also, super() cannot be called directly in the objectBAse level (main body). It can be called inside a method of an object.

    class Shape
    {
        move()
        {
            console.log('move');
        }
    }

    class Circle extends Shape
    {
   

    move()
    {
        super.move();
        console.log('move Circle');
        super.move();
    }
    }

    const c=new Circle();
    c.move();
     
     
 The exercise and other code snippets can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/JSCourse).

## ES6 Modules

**1. Modules**

Modules were introduced natively in JS with ES6 only. 
It helps in the following:
1. Maintainablity -> easy to maintain files with lesser lines of code
2. Reusability  -> same piece of code can be reused across different web applications
3. Abstraction  -> the non-essential/things we want to keep private can be made inaccessible e.g private properties of a class (created using Weak Map) can become inaccessible when a class is imported.

Further, before ES6, in ES5 developers used different ways to implement modules :
1. AMD (Asynchronous Module Definition) -> used in browsers
2. CommonJS -> in Node.js
3. UMD (Universal Module Definition) -> in both browsers and Node.js
4. ES6 Modules (new & natively supported by JS) -> in browsers

**2. ES6 Modules**
All the members of a module are private by default unless they're made public using the `export` keyword.
These are imported in other modules using the syntax -

`import {name-of-the-member} from './module'`

To make it work on the browser for now use -
`import {name-of-the-member} from './module.js'`
and add `type="module"` in `script` tag of `index.html`.

Actually, it is solved using WebPack (a module bundler).

**3. ES6 Tooling**

If we want to work in browser applications, we need to use tools like - Transpilers and Bundlers (these aren't needed in Node.js applications)

- Transpilers
  
  These are basically *translators* + *compilers*. They convert the ES6 code into the old legacy code in order to make the codebase understandable for old JS engines, e.g **Babel**
  
 - Bundlers

These are used to combine different `.js` files into a single one making the code compact but uglier (owing to the changes in the names of the members of the files),  e.g **webpack**.

That's it for the Part-2 and now I'd change the exercises of the Arrays module since one of the mentors came up with a friendly suggestion that I should use ES6 more in actual and thus it would help me write cleaner and compact code. 
Following are the changes to be made-
1. To use arrow functions
2. To write reduce method in a single line itself 



  


