# Day 4 JS Course

Started with the next module in Part-2 of the course. 

Following are the topics learnt:

##  1. Prototypical Inheritance

  **1. Creating your own Prototypical Inheritance**
   
   - Basically, suppose we have 2 objects - circle and square and we want to create some prototypical functions for the two, so instead of repeating the code separately for the two, we're going to create another object shape and have a prototypical function here which can be inherited by the circle and square.
  
  This is pretty easy. Understand the hierarchy:
  
  -> Shape > ShapeBase > ObjBase
  -> Circle > CircleBase > ObjBase
  
  We can explicitly let circle object inherit from ShapeBase using the following:
  This means Circle Base inherits from Shape Base, it's going to both the object's members access.
  
  `Circle.prototype = Object.create(Shape.prototype)`

Initially, it was:
  
  `Circle.prototype = Object.create(Object.prototype)`
  
**2. Resetting the Constructor**
   
   Whenever we reset a prototype, reset the constructor as well.
   Consider the above example only.
   **Shape** (parent)
   
   `Shape.prototype.constructor = Shape
   
   new Shape.prototype.constructor () is same a new Shape()`
   
   **Circle** (child)
   
   `new Circle.prototype.constructor() calls new Shape()` since it is set to `Shape` coz of inheritance.
   Therefore, reset constructor using -
   `Circle.prototype.constructor = Circle`
   
   now, `new Circle.prototype.constructor(1) would be same as new Circle(1)` 
    
   
**3. Calling the Super Constructor**
   
   The super constructor i.e parent's constructor can be called inside the child's constructor
   
      function Shape(color)
      {
        this.color:color;
         
         }
   
     function Circle(radius, color)
     {
        Shape.call(this,color); /*
        this.radius=radius;
      }
      c = new Circle(1,'red');
      
 This is going to set radius as well as color as * line calls Shape constructor function to refer to the empty object being created by c.
 
  **4. Intermediate Function Inheritance**
   
   The constructor and prototype restting code can craete some noise, so it's better to encapsulate them within a function that can be called everytimem inheritance is done.
   
      function extend(Child, Parent)  -> first letter capital indicates that arguments are Constructors
      {
         Child.prototype = Object.create(Parent.prototype);
         Child.prototype.constructor = Child;
      }
      
      
  **5. Method Overriding**
   
   Sometimes, the prototype function described in the parent object doesn't show up/work when called through child object's reference. This is where method overriding comes into play. By using this, the child's method is given preferance over the parent's, however, we can call parent's method inside child's too.
   
      Shape.prototype.duplicate=function()
      {
      console.log('duplicate');
      }
       
       extend(Circle, Shape)
       
       Circle.prototype.duplicate=function()
       {
         console.log('duplicate circle');
       }
       // O/P of c.duplicate() -> duplicate circle
       // if parent's method also called
       Circle.prototype.duplicate=function()
       {
         Shape.prototype.duplicate.call(this); //call here
         console.log('duplicate circle');
       }
       // O/P of c.duplicate() -> duplicate 
                                  duplicate circle
                                 
        
  **6. Polymorphism**
   
   *Poly* means *many* and *morphs* means *forms*. **Polymorphism** is a very useful and powerful technique in OOPS. The method overriding we did above helps us achieve it. Polymorphism provides a way to perform a single action in different forms. 
   
            Shape.prototype.duplicate=function()
      {
      console.log('duplicate');
      }
       
       extend(Circle, Shape)
       
       Circle.prototype.duplicate=function()
       {
         console.log('duplicate circle');
       }
       
       extend(Square, Shape)
       
       Square.prototype.duplicate=function()
       {
         console.log('duplicate square');
       }
      
       const shapes=[
       new Circle(),
       new Square()
       ]
       
       for(let shape of shapes)
       {
          shape.duplicate();
       }
       
       -> O/P: duplicate circle
               duplicate square
               
   **7. When to use Polymorphism?**
   
   Polymorphism is used over single-level inheritance only and not preferred over hierarchies as it's not suitable as can be seen below:
           
           animals (parent)
           - eat()
           - walk()
           humans (child) valid
           monkey (child) valid
           goldfish(child) invalid as it can swim not walk
           
           So, this brings in the need to develop new hierarchy:
           animals (parent)
           -eat()
           mammals (childOfAnimals) (parent)        fish(childOfAnimals)(parent)
           - walk()                                 - swim()
           humans (childOfMammals)                  goldfish(childOfFish)
           

However, this may prove a bit noisy if we have a lot of objects. Therefore, Composition is used over Inheritance whenever possible. Mixins help to achieve this.

         canWalk() canEat() canSwim()
         humans 
         -canWalk() canEat() 
         goldfish
         -canSwim() canEat()
         
   **8. Mixins**
   
   Mixins or compositions help to use various methods in different objects according to the requirements in one of the most optimal ways possible. 
      
      const canWalk()
      {
        walk: function()
        {
              console.log('walk');
         }
      }
      
      const canEat()
      {
        eat: function()
        {
              console.log('eat');
         }
      }
      
      const canSwim()
      {
        swim: function()
        {
              console.log('swim');
         }
      }
      
      const dog=Object.assign({},canEat,canWalk);
      // or if dog already exists
      Object.assign(dog.prototype,canEat,canWalk);
      
      So, for this we can use a mixin function to avoid noise in the code
      
      mixin(target,...source)
      {
        Object.assign(target,...source);
      }
      
      -> call
      mixin(fish.prototype,canEat,canSwim);
      
##  2. ES6 Classes

   **1. ES6 Classes**
   
   ES6 introduced classes as a new as well as a cleaner way to OOPS in JS.
          
       class Circle
        {
           constructor(radius)                   -> used to initialize objects         
           {
      this.radius=radius;
      this.draw=function()            
      {
      console.log('draw');      
        };
      }        
   
        paint()
     {
      console.log('Paint');                
         };
     }
 
 

 
     const c = new Circle(1);
     c.draw();
     c.paint();
                  
   **2. Hoisting**
   
   Refers to shifting of all the function declarations to the top of the file by JS engine.
   
   **3. Static Methods**
   
   Static methods aren't called up to work with functions but they're used to return an object based on some operations.
   `static` keyword is used to declare static functions.
   
      class Circle{
    constructor(radius)
    {
        console.log('draw');
    }

    static parse(str)
    {
        const radius = JSON.parse(str).radius;
        return new Circle(radius);
    }
    }

    const circle = Circle.parse('{"radius":1}');


    const circle2=new Circle(3);

   
   **4. The this keyword**
   
  `this` keyword refers to the empty object being created by the `new` operator i.e the current object. When outside th eobject, it refers to the `window` object in the browser and `global` object in the node.
   
   
   This is all I learnt today. I will continue with further topics in ES6 Classes and start ES6 Modules tomorrow and complete the Part-2 by tomorrow itself!
   
   The exercises and related code snippets can be found [here](https://github.com/jazzcodes/JSCourse).
   
   Till then byees! :D
