# There's a lot more to learn - the Designing 💗

I'm thrilled to learn UI/UX Designing under the guidance of Nandini di & Khushboo who are super talented designers here at Ryaz. 
I realized the power of the combination of designing & coding while I started my project during my training. I had to design it myself & that made me think this is another world with so much to learn (I was so bad at it 😛). But yes, with improvements & feedbacks from my mentor, I think we did a pretty good job with the designing at the end as far as the project was concerned. Now, I wish to learn it properly, step by step & I can find no better guide than our design mentors here 💗 

Let's dive into the first day! (did in 2 half days tho) 

Things learnt from the resources given by my mentors
## 1. Color Theory

### Terminologies
1. Hue: Hue is the color in its natural state without any alterations of shadow or brightness. The colors present in the color wheel are in its natural state itself.
2. Value: Amount of brightness or darkness in a color (0% = black & 100% = white)
3. Saturation: Intensity of a color (-100% = gray & 100% = vivid/bright)
4. Harmony: It's the similarity b/w different colors
5. Contrast: a noticeable difference b/w colors

An important point found: To have a harmony between colors, is necessary between them exist a amount color from the other.

6. The rule of 60 30 10: Use 3 colors as a beginner in the given ratio
7. Shadows: Shadows aren't black, these are darkened version of the base color itself.
8. Primary Colors: Red, Yellow, Blue
9. Secondary Colors: Result of mixing of the primary colors - Purple, Green, Orange
10. Tertiary Colors: Created by combining a primary color with a secondary color
11. Cool Colors: Shades of green, blue & purple
12. Warm Colors: Shades of yellow, orange and red.
13. Neutral Tones: Light Blue, Blue, Dark Blue & same goes for green and purple
14. Monochromatic: Adding a 10-90% white or black layer on top of a color, creating different shades
15. Analogous Colors: These are next to each other on the color wheel
16. Complementary Colors: These are opposite to each other on the color wheel
17. Triadic: Using 3 colors that are equally spaced from each other on the color wheel. Creates dynamic & bright pages
18. Contrast: Dark & Light combination
19. Tools: Coolors, Material Design Color System, Gradient Hunt
20. Color Psychology: Colors for CTA btns, error btns etc 

## 2. Typography

### Terminologies
1. Typeface: Entire family of fonts (of different weights) eg Helevtica
2. Fonts: Member of a typeface -> Helvetica Regular, Helvetica Bold etc
3. Font Families of different fonts also -> serif, sans-serif, etc (sans-serif types - Arial, Helvetica, etc)
4. Spacing, font weights, letter-spacing, font sizes, colors, font selection all matters
5. Don't mix different fonts (bad UI)
6. Can use animations too in typography.

An important point: Don't let the user think. 

## 3. Being familiar with Figma

I went through the following videos to get familiar with working in figma.
1. [Explore Ideas](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/4405269899287--Beginner-1-Explore-ideas): Learnt about wireframes & basic hotkeys
2. [Create Designs](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/4405328886935--Beginner-2-Create-designs): Adding images, icons, creating components & more advanced stuff
3. [Build Prototypes](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/4405337257751--Beginner-3-Build-prototypes): Prototypes, presenting view studied
4. [Prepare for handoff](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/4405338399895--Beginner-4-Prepare-for-handoff-): Thumbnails, other permissions for production

Practised wireframing part as of now.
The link can be found [here](https://www.figma.com/file/xNYznb2oA4DBTQ0z2AvmID/understanding-wireframes?type=design&node-id=0-1&t=hfTqLM7vZ9tKagEQ-0).

Next thing on the plate: Designing a basic landing page! :)

Done with basic mobile landing page. Tomorrow I'll design the menu part & complete the task with tablet & desktop screens.

The link to the figma file can be found [here](https://www.figma.com/file/rE7iHB3EF3m4xzyQDpZDHj/T1-Basic-Landing-Page?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&t=mX2otdt06cTevN9o-1).

The prototype can be found [here](https://www.figma.com/proto/rE7iHB3EF3m4xzyQDpZDHj/T1-Basic-Landing-Page?type=design&node-id=2-2&scaling=scale-down&page-id=0%3A1).

Byees!





   


